com/example/appquanlidiem/CapNhatDiemMainActivity.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.CapNhatDiemMainActivity
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/FragmentItemTkbBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.FragmentItemTkbBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/HocPhanMainActivity.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.HocPhanMainActivity
com/example/appquanlidiem/ui_tkb/login/MyItemRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.login.MyItemRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.login.MyItemRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/appquanlidiem/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.BuildConfig
com/example/appquanlidiem/SinhVienData.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.SinhVienData
com/example/appquanlidiem/ThongKeMainActivity.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ThongKeMainActivity
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/FragmentItemListTkbBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.FragmentItemListTkbBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/util_tkb/FileUtils.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.util_tkb.FileUtils
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ActivityHocphanBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ActivityHocphanBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/util_tkb/CalendarReminderUtils.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.util_tkb.CalendarReminderUtils
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ActivityThongtinBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ActivityThongtinBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ItemTimeTkbBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ItemTimeTkbBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/DiemCaiThienMainActivity.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.DiemCaiThienMainActivity
com/example/appquanlidiem/ThongTinMainActivity.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ThongTinMainActivity
com/example/appquanlidiem/util_tkb/ExcelUtils.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.util_tkb.ExcelUtils
 com.example.appquanlidiem.util_tkb.ExcelUtils$HandleResult
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/WeekOfTermCheckboxTkbBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.WeekOfTermCheckboxTkbBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/ui_tkb/settime/SetTimeActivity.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.settime.SetTimeActivity
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.settime.SetTimeActivity$1
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.settime.SetTimeActivity$TimeAdapter
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.settime.SetTimeActivity$TimeAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/appquanlidiem/ui_tkb/editcourse/WeekOfTermSelectDialog.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.editcourse.WeekOfTermSelectDialog
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.editcourse.WeekOfTermSelectDialog$DialogAdapter
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.editcourse.WeekOfTermSelectDialog$DialogAdapter$1
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.editcourse.WeekOfTermSelectDialog$DialogAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/DialogttLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.DialogttLayoutBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/MainActivity.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.MainActivity
 com.example.appquanlidiem.MainActivity$1
 com.example.appquanlidiem.MainActivity$2
 com.example.appquanlidiem.MainActivity$3
com/example/appquanlidiem/util_tkb/Config.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.util_tkb.Config
com/example/appquanlidiem/colleges_tkb/base/College.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.colleges_tkb.base.College
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ActivityThongkeBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ActivityThongkeBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ActivityCapnhatdiemBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ActivityCapnhatdiemBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ActivityDiemdukienBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ActivityDiemdukienBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/DialogSelectWeekTkbBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.DialogSelectWeekTkbBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/bean_tkb/Send.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.bean_tkb.Send
com/example/appquanlidiem/DiemDuKienMainActivity.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.DiemDuKienMainActivity
com/example/appquanlidiem/ui_tkb/coursedetails/CourseDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.coursedetails.CourseDetailsActivity
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.coursedetails.CourseDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.coursedetails.CourseDetailsActivity$2
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.coursedetails.CourseDetailsActivity$3
com/example/appquanlidiem/ThoiKhoaBieuMainActivity.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ThoiKhoaBieuMainActivity
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ThoiKhoaBieuMainActivity$1
com/example/appquanlidiem/ui_tkb/login/ItemFragment.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.login.ItemFragment
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.login.ItemFragment$OnListFragmentInteractionListener
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ActivityEditTkbBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ActivityEditTkbBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/bean_tkb/Course.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.bean_tkb.Course
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ActivityThoikhoabieuBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ActivityThoikhoabieuBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/util_tkb/OkHttpUtils.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.util_tkb.OkHttpUtils
 com.example.appquanlidiem.util_tkb.OkHttpUtils$Inner
com/example/appquanlidiem/bean_tkb/Time.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.bean_tkb.Time
com/example/appquanlidiem/SinhVien.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.SinhVien
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ActivitySetTimeTkbBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ActivitySetTimeTkbBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/MyApplication.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.MyApplication
com/example/appquanlidiem/ui_tkb/editcourse/EditActivity.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.ui_tkb.editcourse.EditActivity
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ActivityDiemcaithienBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ActivityDiemcaithienBinding
com/example/appquanlidiem/databinding/ActivityCourseDetailsTkbBinding.java
 com.example.appquanlidiem.databinding.ActivityCourseDetailsTkbBinding
